
The solver.prototxt is a configuration file used to tell caffe how you want the network trained.

Parameters

> base_lr

This parameter indicates the base (beginning) learning rate of the network. The value is a real number (floating point).

> lr_policy

This parameter indicates how the learning rate should change over time. This value is a quoted string.

Options include:

    "step" - drop the learning rate in step sizes indicated by the gamma parameter.
    "multistep" - drop the learning rate in step size indicated by the gamma at each specified stepvalue.
    "fixed" - the learning rate does not change.
    "exp" - gamma^iteration
    "poly" -
    "sigmoid" -

> gamma

This parameter indicates how much the learning rate should change every time we reach the next "step." The value is a real number, and can be thought of as multiplying the current learning rate by said number to gain a new learning rate.

> stepsize

This parameter indicates how often (at some iteration count) that we should move onto the next "step" of training. This value is a positive integer.

> stepvalue

This parameter indicates one of potentially many iteration counts that we should move onto the next "step" of training. This value is a positive integer. There are often more than one of these parameters present, each one indicated the next step iteration.

> max_iter

This parameter indicates when the network should stop training. The value is an integer indicate which iteration should be the last.

> momentum

This parameter indicates how much of the previous weight will be retained in the new calculation. This value is a real fraction.

> weight_decay

This parameter indicates the factor of (regularization) penalization of large weights. This value is a often a real fraction.

> solver_mode

This parameter indicates which mode will be used in solving the network.

Options include:

    CPU
    GPU

> snapshot

This parameter indicates how often caffe should output a model and solverstate. This value is a positive integer.
snapshot_prefix:

This parameter indicates how a snapshot output's model and solverstate's name should be prefixed. This value is a double quoted string.

> net:

This parameter indicates the location of the network to be trained (path to prototxt). This value is a double quoted string.

> test_iter

This parameter indicates how many test iterations should occur per test_interval. This value is a positive integer.

> test_interval

This parameter indicates how often the test phase of the network will be executed.

> display

This parameter indicates how often caffe should output results to the screen. This value is a positive integer and specifies an iteration count.

> type

This parameter indicates the back propagation algorithm used to train the network. This value is a quoted string.

Options include:

    Stochastic Gradient Descent "SGD"
    AdaDelta "AdaDelta"
    Adaptive Gradient "AdaGrad"
    Adam "Adam"
    Nesterov’s Accelerated Gradient "Nesterov"
    RMSprop "RMSProp"

